---
layout: post
title: To Those Interested in the Kadomoto Laboratory
date: 2024-11-16
description:
tags:
categories: information
featured: true
---

<p>Thank you for your interest in our lab! Our research focuses on realizing innovative computer systems that will support the information society of the future. Centered on computer architecture, we take a holistic approach by integrating diverse fields such as integrated circuits, networks, software, computation theory, and human-computer interaction (HCI). Through this interdisciplinary optimization, we aim to develop systems that present new value in terms of interaction and computation.</p>

##### <i class="fa-solid fa-graduation-cap"></i> For Undergraduate Students

<p>We accept students from the <a href="https://www.ee.t.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/">Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering or Department of Information and Communication Engineering, School of Engineering, The University of Tokyo</a>. Please proceed to one of these departments and specify your preference to join the Irie-Kadomoto Lab.</p>

##### <i class="fa-solid fa-graduation-cap"></i> For Master’s and Doctoral Students

<p>We accept students from the <a href="https://www.i.u-tokyo.ac.jp/edu/course/ice/index_e.shtml">Department of Information and Communication Engineering, Graduate School of Information Science and Technology, The University of Tokyo</a>. If you plan to apply to the program, please indicate your preference for joining the Kadomoto Lab and contact me during the application process.</p>

##### <i class="fa-solid fa-building"></i> About Our Laboratory

<ul>
  <li>
    <p class="small-font-jp">Our lab is characterized by conducting research and development across multiple layers, designing and implementing innovative computer systems. We welcome individuals passionate about software and hardware engineering!</p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p class="small-font-jp">We are equipped with rich computing resources, including high-end FPGAs and cluster machines.</p>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p class="small-font-jp">There is no core time requirement. However, we hold a weekly joint meeting with the Irie Lab.</p>
  </li>
</ul>
